You may have seen in the thumbnail of this video that
this policy is equal to 50 policies. I
have written it figuratively. But even if you take a 50 policy,
you will get something through this policy that you will not get.
Hi friends, I am Bijo
Varghese. Welcome back to Financial Server.
Today we are talking about one of the best health insurance plans in India,
ICICI Lombard, one of the best companies in
India. The
factor that attracted me in this policy is the
range of choices, that is,
we only have to pay for what we need. Elevate is a policy that was first designed with the help of AI
or artificial intelligence. There are
mainly five types of infinity
covers that make this policy beautiful. If we
say infinity cover, then infinity means that
all these services that you will get will be infinite.
You may
have seen in the thumbnail of this video that this policy is equal to 50 policies. Even if
I have
written it figuratively, 50
One thing that you will not get even if you take a policy is the
infinity claim amount. No matter
how much sum insured you take, if an
unexpected big claim
comes up in your life, the company will
give you that amount. For example, suppose
a person who has taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakhs gets
a claim of Rs. 80 lakhs.
The company will give you that amount without any deduction.
There is no limit of 80 lakhs. No matter how much that amount is,
you will get it. But it is important to
note that you can only
take advantage of it once. The
second feature is the infinite
sum insured. In normal health
insurance,
there are limits to choosing the sum insured, but in this policy, you can
choose unlimited sum insured if you want. The
third feature is the infinite
reset. According to this, once your sum
insured is exhausted, you can
restore your sum insured unlimited times. The
fourth feature is the infinite
cumulative bonus. Normally, you get the bonus.  You must
have heard that earlier, the
bonus was given at five and ten percent,
but today some companies
give bonuses up to five times or even 10 times, but here
you get unlimited times of
cumulative bonus, that is, there is no
limit to it. For example, if a
person takes a policy of Rs. 10 lakh, after 20 years,
his coverage will be Rs. 2 crore.
This is not 20 years, but after 30
years, it will be three crore and so on. The
fifth feature is Infinite
Assurance or Jump Start. It reduces the
waiting period of your current diseases to 30
days. This is what you can do with it.
You
can benefit from it for asthma, diabetes, hypertension, cholesterol, obesity, and not only this, but also the
important things. Let's
go to the screen [Music] to see the details. This policy can be joined by people from 18 years of age. There is
no maximum age limit. The
premium of this policy can be paid for a period of one year, two years, three years.
Two years and three years.  If you
pay the premium together, you will
get a long-term discount. The
sum insured of this policy can be selected as 5
lakhs, 7 lakhs, 10 lakhs, 15 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 25 lakhs, 50 lakhs,
1 crore, 3 crores
or unlimited.
Family floater
means two
adults and a maximum of three children. In
this policy, people up to the age of 30 are
considered as children. In this policy, a single
private AC room is inbuilt,
but if you want, you can
modify it and use it.
Next is day care treatment, which is covered up to the sum insured. Next is
Ayush. Ayurveda, Yoga,
Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy.
This is also covered in this policy.
Next is Domiciliary
Hospitalization Station. This is also covered in this policy. In a situation where there
is no room in the hospital and the patient
cannot be taken to the hospital,
domiciliary is used in such situations.
Hospitalization donor expenses are also
covered under this policy.
Domestic road ambulance is also
available under this policy. Surrogacy is also
covered under this policy.
It is available up to Rs. 5 lakh. Bariatric
surgery is also covered under this policy. It is covered up to the sum insured.
Next is the refill benefit
or restoration benefit.
You can get it unlimited times.
Next is the guarantee
cumulative bonus. According to this,
your sum insured increases by 20% every
year. In this way,
you can get up to a maximum of 100%.
In addition to this, infinite cumulative
bonus is also available. I had
mentioned about it in the beginning of the video.
You can choose this as an add-on.
Wellness benefit is also available in this policy. According
to this, you can get up to 30% renewal discount.
Modern
treatment is also available in this policy.
Covered up to the sum insured.  The insured is the one who
gets the insurance. Now let's
look at some of the add-on covers in this policy. The first is the
infinite claim. According to this,
you
can claim infinitely. That is, no matter how many lakhs of
rupees you take a policy, if you have a
big claim,
you can use that amount once.
For example, suppose you have taken a policy of ₹10 lakh. Let's say
you have
a critical illness and a claim of ₹1 crore.
But the
insurance company will give you ₹1 crore.
But it is important to note that this is
only available once. The second add-
on is the Power Booster.
This is the first time
such an add-on has come in the insurance industry. According to this,
you get unlimited times
guaranteed cumulative bonus.
Normally in health insurance,
we see doubling five times or 10 times,
but here the doubling does not stop.
Your sum insured continues to grow for as many years as you continue the policy. For
example, suppose
you have taken a policy of ₹10 lakh. By the end of
eight years,
your sum insured will be ₹80 lakh.
I had mentioned about getting a bonus of 20 percent earlier.
Apart from that,
you get this in addition to the third
important rider, which is the Jump Start,
which means you get coverage for
some selected diseases after 30 days.
Usually,
such diseases are covered after three years. The
policy is very
beneficial for those who have asthma, diabetes, cholesterol, obesity, etc. The next
add-on is the Claim Protector. In general, 5% to 10% of consumable items are cut from us in health insurance. If you take this add-on, you will get covered. An add-on that you must definitely take is the Claim Protector. The next add-on is the Inflation Protection. According
to this,
your sum insured also increases as inflation increases. The next
add-on is the Domestic Air Ambulance. This is up to the
sum insured. The
seventh rider is the Room
Modification. According to this, you can  You can
upgrade or
downgrade the room category. This allows you to
reduce or increase your premium. The
eighth add-on is the
Dependent Accommodation Benefit.
Under this, if you have someone to
stay with you while you are in the hospital, you will
get Rs. 1000. This
can be used for a maximum of 10 days. The
ninth add-on is the Maternity Cover.
You can also
choose Maternity as an add-on. You can use
10% of the Sum Insured or a maximum of Rs. 1 lakh.
In addition to Maternity Coverage, Newborn Baby Cover
and Vaccination Cover are also available. The
waiting period for this is two
years. Newborn Baby Cover is available for up to 90
days. Vaccination is available at a rate of
1% of the Sum Insured
or a maximum of ₹10,000. The tenth
add-on rider is the Reduce
Maternity Cover, which means the
waiting period for Maternity, as I
mentioned earlier.  If you want it to be two years,
you can reduce it to one
year. The next add-on is
Nursing at Home. Under this, you will get ₹2000
per day for a maximum of 10
days. The next add-on rider
is Durable Medical Equipments
Cover. Under this, you will get up to Rs. 5 lakh. For
example,
after a hospitalization, you may need a wheelchair. In
such a situation,
it will be useful for you to buy a wheelchair. The
next add-on cover is Compassionate Cover.
Under this, you will get up to ₹20000. The
admission should be for at least 10
days. The
next add-on is Health Checkup.
This is an inbuilt feature in normal policies,
but here it is an
optional cover. I always
say that it is
very good to get such things through optional covers
because we only need to pay for what we need.
Under this, you will get
5% of the sum insured or a maximum of ₹5000 for
health check-up.
This
can be used once a year.  We can
only improve future videos through your answers,
so if
you
have understood the things so far, please comment Clear
or C for ease. If
you do not
understand anymore, please comment Not Clear
or NC for ease. If you
mention the time of the part you do not understand, I will comment it as early as possible to
clarify it. The
next add-on
cover is B Fit. According to this,
you get OP benefit. The next
add-on is Tele Consultation. According to this,
you
can use Tele Consultation unlimited times. The next
add-on is Elderly Co-payment. According to this,
you
can reduce your premium. Co-payment options like 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%,
50% are
available in this policy. This
means claim sharing,
i.e. 20% if you
choose co-payment, when a claim comes,
you have to pay 20% of it from your hand.
For example, suppose a claim of Rs. 1 lakh is made
here.  ₹20000 will be
paid by you and ₹80000 by the company. The next add-on rider is the
Network Advantage. Under this, you
can get a 10% discount on the premium. This means that
the company has selected some hospitals as their
Network Advantage. You must
go to such hospitals. When you go,
you will get a 10%
discount on the premium. But it is important to note that if
you go to hospitals that are not like this,
you will have to pay a 20% co-payment. The
next add-on cover is Personal
Accident. Under this, you will get a maximum of Rs. 50 lakh.
This rider is available only to those below the age of 65.
Next is the Critical
Illness Rider. If you are diagnosed with one of the 20 selected
critical illnesses,
you will get up to Rs. 50 lakh.
This is in addition to the claim amount you get from the hospital if you are admitted to the hospital with the same disease. Now let's look at
some of the waiting periods in this policy. The
first is the Initial  The
waiting period is the same as for regular policies, the
coverage for diseases will
start after 30 days, but the coverage for accidents will start from day one. The
next is the
Specified Illness waiting period. For
diseases like hernia, cataract, kidney stone, END problem, the
coverage will start after 24 months.
In addition, there is a waiting
period of 90 days for diabetic hypertension, cardio conditions.
Critical
illness also has a waiting
period of 90 days. There is a waiting period of
36 months for your current diseases. There is a waiting period of
24 months for bariatric surgery. There is a
waiting period of two years for maternity coverage. The
pre-hospitalization of this policy
is 90 days and the post-
hospitalization is 180 days.
Now, some of the discounts we get in this policy are
Let's see, if your
credit score is very good,
you can get a discount of up to 15%.
Next is the Wellness Discount. You can get a
discount of up to 30% at the time of renewal. Next is the Early Renewal Discount. If you
pay your renewal policy 30 days before the expiry date,
you will get a discount of 2.5%.
Next is the Long Term
Discount. If you pay the premium for two years
together, you will get 10% and if you pay the
premium for three years together,
you will get 15%. Next is the
Premium. If a 30-year-old man, his
wife and a child
take a policy for ₹10 lakh, the
premium will be
₹14005. Here I have not included any add-ons.
I am not saying that you should take all the add-ons
but it is mandatory to
take the consumables because the
consumable charge is from 6% to 10% per
claim.
This policy is available for you in four zones, ABCD.
Kerala is included in this.
Zone C has a comparatively lower premium compared to Zone A and Zone B.
However, in
normal policies, when taking the zone premium, if
we have been treated in a higher zone,
we have to pay a co-payment. However, in this policy, no matter
which zone you take the policy from and
which zone you get treated in, you do not have to
pay any extra amount.
The comment that the premium chart is not included in the video is
seen in many videos. Many people think that
insurance premium is like the price of a TV or a phone. What
you need to understand is that there are
many reasons why the premium chart cannot be included in the video.
I will tell you some of them here. The
premium of a 35-year-old person will not be the same. If a 36-
year-old person comes with them,
another premium will be charged. If a
third person comes with them, another premium
will be charged. The
premium will change again depending on the number of children. In addition, the
premium of a person living in Ernakulam will not be the same. The premium for a
person living in Kannur will be
different from this.
The premium for a person living in Delhi will also change again depending on your current illnesses.  Apart from this, the
premium may vary depending on the add-ons included with the policy. Another thing is the
co-payment deductible. If
we have selected all these, the
premium will again vary. If
you want to know your premium, you
can message the WhatsApp number 949530858. The
service of Financial Serv is
available to you all over India. Not only do
we give you the policy, we also
provide you with our free service at the time of claim, at the time of renewal and on other occasions. After you
take the policy, you should pay attention to the IL
app of ICICI Lombard.
All the information related to your policy is
available in it. This is a very good application. One thing to be
aware of is that
exclusions are the most common exclusions. Circumstances Suicide Attempt
Unproven Treatment Cosmetic Treatment
Congenital External
Disease Alcoholism Drugs
Nutritional Deficiency Internal Self Injury
Contact Lens Hearing  AIDS,
beauty treatment, plastic
surgery, dangerous sports, etc. There will
be minor changes in these according to each company. To know more,
you should look at the voicings. I will tell you
two more things to keep in mind while taking health insurance.
First, you can only get a claim if you are admitted to the hospital for at least
24 hours. Just being
admitted is
not enough. There must be some treatment there.
This does not apply to day care.
Second, if you are admitted to the hospital, you must
register the claim within 24 hours. Health
insurance changes from time to time.
This video is prepared for an educational purpose.
Sometimes
mistakes may occur. If
you know more about this policy, if you want to
add any point or
correct any mistake, comment below this video.
But it is beneficial for everyone.
Before taking any policy, it would be
better if you read its brochure and voicings.
Due to lack of time, not all
points may be fully
explained in the video. Also,
which diseases are covered?  You should understand what is included in the Specified Illness and
what are the exclusions and
also
know the waiting period, sub-limit, and co-payment of the policy. If you want to know
more about this, I am giving the
link to the video I made earlier about this in the
I card above and in the description box below. You can
see it. There is no
point in saying that I did not know anything about this at the time of the claim rejection and that no one told me anything. This
video ends here. If
you are watching this video on YouTube,
subscribe to the Financial Serve channel and
enable the bell icon next to it. If you are watching it on Facebook, like the
Financial Serve page and
follow the Financial Serve Instagram ID.
Only then will you get notifications of
new videos that I upload. If
you
need brochures, voting premium charts, etc. of the products,
join the Financial Serve WhatsApp Telegram channels.
Then a new  Until we meet again with Topic and a
new video, Sign
of Bijou, have a nice day.